thereafter
I worked for the next 30 years
it's worse than the bad
more than a week that's all
it's an association that has been
French of Moroccan origin
and that
a few years after abandoning the project
2003 we go regularly
in a bend
it lasts a little longer trembled
nostalgia he claimed two tracks
but things
they are already on the go
with the reader you will find what amounts to condemning we are already there
and when he is fit
kiko the car
I open my mouth for the race tomorrow
at first it was very very rudimentary it's just a chair
to lead from behind we showed them how to use them and then we
made it clear
including teachers
however the rest of the year cited the halls to take charge and
what is important is to go through the schools because it is out of
question of law
in this region
stacey sher khan and by parents
the capital does not have any
touched ankle
covering all things like that
it's out of the question for him
asked his embassies to take over
while the origin of shift comment 2 so we went through school because
that the web the teachers who are listened to the bar
so for the mayor who I was
important that we are still a unity of place tonight at 17 5%
on the whole canton
my money - there closed his teachers
now children are aware once or twice by
day
for eight years
we made our project known
another application is there in schools in France in some
schools in France
we realized that when we are still in a world where communication
direct standards
to be reassured
he calls me all the children of the schools virtually all were
really very low rate of his mark in the world wins there
obama various hair conditions
it's just that we realize that in our society
guardian means of communication tic that practically do not exist anymore below
the smile for us is very very important
if I brought pictures like that to children
what does a name mean
the cabinet elsewhere
she had arrived would be assured in the past
so rewarding we want to go back 3